Use of and disposing of Food
a. Food donated to the Charity shall only be used:
i. on premises owned or managed by the Charity; and/or
ii. in designated soup runs/food distribution points.
b. The Food may not be sold or exchanged for commercial purposes or used in any 
way other than in accordance with clause 4a above. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
shall not prohibit Charities from selling the Food where they are doing so on a not-
for-profit basis.
c. The Charity must dispose of any unused donated Food: 
i. responsibly and in a safe manner; and
ii. in compliance with all relevant laws and best practice applicable to the food 
industry.
d. When disposing of any Food donated by the Donor, the Charity shall remove all 
wrappers and packaging or anything that could identify the Food as originating from


5. Risk
Risk and title in the Food shall pass to the Charity upon:
a. collection of the Food from the Donor by, or on behalf of, the Charity; or 
b. delivery of the Food to the Charity by the Donor,
(as applicable).
6. Liability
a. The Charity shall assume full liability for the Food upon collection of the Food from 
the relevant Donor or delivery of the Food to the Charity by the relevant Donor, 
Volunteer Transporter or other third party, except for any liability for harm, loss or 
damage arising out of or in connection with the preparation or storage of the Food 
by the Donor.
b. The Donor shall have no liability in relation to the Food once it has been collected by 
the relevant Charity, Volunteer Transporter or other third party or once it has been 
delivered to the relevant Charity by the Donor, including liability arising from the 
future storage, distribution, preparation, use or disposal of the Food by the Charity 
or anyone acting on behalf of the Charity. 
c. The Donor shall at all times remain liable for any harm, loss or damage arising out of 
or in connection with the preparation or storage of the Food by the Donor.
d. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or exclude the liability of either party for: 
i. death or personal injury resulting from negligence; 
ii. fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
iii. breach of section 2 of the Consumer Protection Act 1987; or
iv. any other liability that cannot be lawfully excluded.

